Update 22-to-30.md (#17844)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/migration/22-to-30.md

By [Scott Addie](https://github.com/scottaddie) and [Rick Anderson](https://twitter.com/RickAndMSFT)

This article explains how to update an existing ASP.NET Core 2.2 project to ASP.NET Core 3.0. It might be helpful to create a new ASP.NET Core 3.0 project to:

* Compare with the ASP.NET Core 2.2 code.

> * Copy the relevant changes to your ASP.NET Core 2.2 app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Copy the relevant changes to your ASP.NET Core 3.0 project.
```
